Create Configure Knative Networking page (#6518)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/netadapter-gatewayapi.md

<!-- Referenced by:
- install/yaml-install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml.md
-->
Use the following steps to install and configure the Knative Gateway API adapter.  Note that you need to have a [Gateway API implementation](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/) installed in your cluster.  The Knative team currently tests the Istio, Contour, and Envoy-Gateway implementations of Gateway API.

1. Install the Knative Gateway API:

    ```bash
      kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(repo="net-gateway-api",org="knative-extensions",file="net-gateway-api.yaml") }}
    ```

>     Alternatively, you can also install a preconfigured Gateways for either Contour or Istio. Replace the filename in this step with either `contour-gateway.yaml` or `istio-gateway.yaml`. If you use either file  you can skip the next step to configure gateway resources.

Author: I removed that "Alternative ...." paragraph (I tested it on my quickstart and it failed) added a the following at the top of the file:
This component in beta. For the latest information including supported implementations, see the [Knative net-gateway-api](https://github.com/knative-extensions/net-gateway-api).

Use the following steps to install and configure the Knative Gateway API adapter.  Note that you need to have a [Gateway API implementation](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/) installed in your cluster.  The Knative team currently tests the Istio, Contour, and Envoy-Gateway implementations of Gateway API.

1. Clone the Gateway API repo:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/knative-extensions/net-gateway-api.git
    cd net-gateway-api
    ```

1. Set environment variables:

    ```bash
    export KO_DOCKER_REPO=kind.local
    export KIND_CLUSTER_NAME=knative  # (keep this if your cluster is named "knative")
    ```

1. Deploy Gateway API resources:

    ```bash
    ko apply -f config/
    ```

1. Install the Knative Gateway API:

    ```bash
      kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(repo="net-gateway-api",org="knative-extensions",file="net-gateway-api.yaml") }}
    ```

1. Configure Knative Serving to use the Knative Gateway API ingress class:

    ```bash
    kubectl patch configmap/config-network \
      --namespace knative-serving \
      --type merge \
      --patch '{"data":{"ingress-class":"gateway-api.ingress.networking.knative.dev"}}'
    ```

> 1. Edit the `config-gateway` ConfigMap in the knative-serving namespace to specify gateway resources for external and local traffic. For the `external-gateways` key, specify the value for `name` and for `service` as needed. Do the same for the `local gateways`. The `namespace` should be kept at `knative-serving`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create Gateway resources for use by external ("north-south") Knative traffic, and local ("east-west") traffic.  If you do not need separate routing for local traffic (or [private Knative services](../../../serving/services/private-services.md)), you can use the external Gateway for both.  Note both the Kubernetes namespace and name of the Gateways, and an underlying DNS name (such as a Kubernetes service DNS name) corresponding to the Gateway, which will be used by Knative to verify traffic routing.

1. Edit the `config-gateway` ConfigMap in the `knative-serving` namespace to specify the Gateway resources for external and local traffic. For the `external-gateways` key, specify the values for `name`, `namespace` and for `service` corresponding to the external Gateway resource. Do the same for the `local-gateways` key:
```

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: config-gateway
      namespace: knative-serving
      labels:
        app.kubernetes.io/component: net-gateway-api

>         app.kubernetes.io/name: knative-serving

Reviewer: You don't need these labels on the ConfigMap.

```suggestion
```
